
Class Feedback:

  - Webflow lessons from YouTube
  - inspiration
    - Tiffany: floating photos (mouse-hover then bring to front)
    - Conrad: logo animation with the first letter
  - spacing between the headline and the big logo
  - figure out who I am
  - unify the style
  - add animations


<br><br>
Todos:

  - learn Webflow

  - build my website
  	 - add animations

 - PROJECT: Foodie
	 - Case Study
     - sketches
		 - co-creation
		 - system map
	  - App design
		 - sketches
		 - low-fidelity edit
		 - high-fidelity
		 - package design
	 - pdf version
		 - Adobe Illustrator

 - PROJECT: Dwarfism Day
	 - learn Unity, Rhino, and KeyShot


<br><br>
Assignments:

 - Final portfolio (May 6)


<br><br>
Reflection:

After seeing lots of websites from classmates, I am more familiar with the basic structure of a website portfolio. And this also alerts me that how should my website stand out? Everyone is doing similar portfolio websites, and the projects are about the same. I need to figure out some characteristics of myself and my design.


<br><br>
Updates:

Very sad news. When I start to add animation to my website, I am not able to use Webflow fully in China. Some of the features are not available or cannot be shown, even with VPN. I asked my friends in the United States to check my website, and they could view it completely great. However, I cannot develop and design my website while not seeing the progress, and then I would not choose to use Webflow.

I know that WiX is able to use in China, at least the features and functions I will use are available. So, I start my website building again through WiX.
