

Class Feedback:

  - Stephen Hart, from Adobe
  - video preparation
  - be unique and nature
  - start with things around
  - show your personality when in front of the camera


<br><br>
Todos:

  - learn WiX

  - build my website

  - PROJECT: Dwarfism Day
 		- VR part:
 			- learn Rhino and KeyShot
      - learn Unity
 			- find assets and examples
 			- build the VR room
 			- build the VR scene
     - pdf version
       - Adobe Illustrator

 - website
	 - put everything to the website
	 - unify the style, fonts, and colors

<br><br>
Assignments:

 - Final portfolio (May 6)


<br><br>
Reflection:

From Stephen's talk, I understand the importance of video and video interview. It is the easiest way to show others who you are. The video could bring more personalities than a resume.

I did video application and video interview before, but I think my videos are not very unqiue, and they are not able to represent the real me. I should learn to be more confident and add appropriate body language.

So this week I start again with my Dwarfism Day project. I know that I am not able to make the whole thing to connect with VR glasses, so I am going to turn my focus to the actual room. Also, I am considering to add more functions, like an app, but still need to think about it. I don't want all my projects are related to an app, but apps are really necessary for products.

<br><br>
Updates:

PROJECT Dwarfism Day:

 - Almost done with the Unity scene
 - going to make another storyboard in my ART class
